feat[flipt-client-python]: Add backwards compat support for Python 3.9 (#649)
flipt-io/flipt-client-sdks: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Update the `test/main.go` file to include the new client in the list of clients to test.
2. Update `test/main.go` to run the tests for the new client using Dagger. See the existing clients for examples.

> 3. Ensure the tests pass locally by running `dagger run go run ./test/... -sdks {comma separated list of anguages}` from the root of the repository. Note: You will need to have Docker, Go, and Dagger installed locally to run the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Ensure the tests pass locally by running `dagger run go run ./test/... -sdks {comma separated list of languages}` from the root of the repository. Note: You will need to have Docker, Go, and Dagger installed locally to run the tests.
```

1. Update the `test/main.go` file to include the new client in the list of clients to test.
2. Update `test/main.go` to run the tests for the new client using Dagger. See the existing clients for examples.
3. Ensure the tests pass locally by running `dagger run go run ./test/... -sdks {comma separated list of languages}` from the root of the repository. Note: You will need to have Docker, Go, and Dagger installed locally to run the tests.

> > **Note:** If you are working on ARM based cpu then you ay encounter an OSError `cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory`. This could be due to the `getFFITestContainer()` step of the dagger pipeline building the dynamic library for an ARM target which cannot be used by the tests. A work-around until this is resolved is downloading the x86 `.so` from the [releases page](https://github.com/flipt-io/flipt-client-sdks/releases/latest), moving the `.so` to the expected folder (which will get mounted to the container for tests), and removing any `WithFile` directives from `test/main.go` which might override your local copy with the ARM-based copy compiled in `getFFITestContainer()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you are working on an ARM-based cpu then you may encounter an OSError `cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory`. This could be due to the `getFFITestContainer()` step of the dagger pipeline building the dynamic library for an ARM target which cannot be used by the tests. A workaround until this is resolved is downloading the x86 `.so` from the [releases page](https://github.com/flipt-io/flipt-client-sdks/releases/latest), moving the `.so` to the expected folder (which will get mounted to the container for tests), and removing any `WithFile` directives from `test/main.go` which might override your local copy with the ARM-based copy compiled in `getFFITestContainer()`
```

Author: Addressed
